The title of the fictional studio in the movie Berberian Sound Studio refers to Cathy Berberian, the US soprano who married Luciano Berio, a pioneer of electronic music.
The opening credits of the movie Berberian Sound Studio are actually put together of those from The Equestrian Vortex, the fictional horror flick thats going to be post-dubbed in the movie
As film spectators watch, a killer car tire comes to life in a desert dump site. Flexing its rubber and ready to roll, it soon discovers its telekinetic ability to make small animals and peoples heads explode.
One of the Spectators in the movie Rubber is played by Daniel Quinn, who starred in Scanner Cop as a man who could make peoples heads explode with his mind, just as the tire does in this film.
The director, writer, cinematographer, editor and composer of Rubber, Quentin Dupieux, is also known as Mr. Oizo.
A group of young shopping mall employees stay behind for a late night party in one of the stores. When the mall goes on lock-down before they can get out, the robot security system malfunctions, and goes on a killing spree.
The film Chopping Mall was allowed to shoot at a real California mall as long as they did not damage any facilities and had removed any traces of their presence before the mall opening time of 9AM.
In the movie Chopping Mall, The Killbot claws were made from plastic toy grippers adapted with electric solenoids
In the movie Chopping Mall, The inciting moment that kicks off the action is identical to Short Circuit, which is a robot getting struck by lightning. However, the results are exactly opposite. In Short Circuit, a killer military robot becomes a sweetheart, whereas in Chopping Mall good security robots become killers.
In May 1985, a press release indicated that basketball star Hakeem Olajuwon was cast in a small role as a security guard for the movie Chopping Mall, and that the film would star Linda Blair. The blurb was reported in the sports pages of newspapers across the United States.
Rodney Eastman has a cameo in the movie Chopping Mall as a young man stealing vinyl records under his shirt in the opening credit montage. He would later go on to appear as Joey in A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors and A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master
In Chopping Mall, Mike says to one of the robots when it ask him for his ID card klaatu barada nikto, which is taken from The Day the Earth Stood Still. It was the words needed to deactivate the giant robot Gort.
The movie Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead tells the story of Zombified chickens attempt to kill the fast-food workers that cook them in a restaurant built on an ancient burial ground.
A fun weekend turns into madness and horror for a bunch of groupies looking for fun in a beaver infested swamp.
In the movie Nukie, An alien called Nukie searches for his brother Miko, who has been captured by the U.S. government. It stars Steve Railsback.
A LaserDisc copy of the film Nukie is on display at the International Friendship Exhibition in North Korea.
The YouTube channel, RedLetterMedia, currently owns 68 VHS copies of the film Nukie
The Cinema Snob, Brad Jones, declared that Nukie is not only the worst film hes reviewed, but the worst film hes ever seen.
Cheerleader Ninjas: Theyre out for revenge...Just dont ask them to spell it
An alien trying to escape from NASA is befriended by a wheelchair-bound boy.
Whenever Paul Rudd appeared on Late Night with Conan OBrien, he liked to show a clip from his newest film, but inevitably showed a clip from Mac and Me where Eric is rolling off a cliff and falling into the water.
The Star of Mac and Me, Jade Calegory has spina bifida, and uses a wheelchair in real life
The McDonalds scenes from Mac and Me were all shot in City of Industry, CA, just outside Los Angeles. The set was a real-life McDonalds built specifically for crew member training and television commercials.
The movie Mac and Me ends with a freeze frame and the superimposed title Well be back! It was such a dismal box office failure that the proposed sequel was never made
Jennifer Aniston appears in the movie Mac and Me as an uncredited extra. She is sitting on a curb, watching the dancers in the McDonalds parking lot.
In the Japanese release of Mac and Me, and possibly in other foreign releases, the wheelchair-bound boy is shot dead the end!
When the star of Mac and Me tired of answering questions about why he was in a wheelchair, the 7th-grader simply dead-panned: Vietnam.
In the movie Manos: Hand of Fate, a family gets lost on the road and stumbles upon a hidden, underground, devil-worshiping cult led by the fearsome Master and his servant Torgo.
The movie Manos: Hand of fate was entirely shot with a hand-held camera that could only record 32 seconds of film at a time. It was also shot without sound; all the lines were dubbed later by two men and one woman. Jackey Neyman Jones cried when she first heard her dubbed voice.
The only cast members of the movie Manos: Hand of Fate who were paid for their performances were Jackey Neyman Jones, who got a bicycle, and the Doberman, which got a bag of dog food.
Larry Jee-lyee is assigned by a crime boss to kidnap the brother of a prominent district attorney. A beautiful woman known only as Ricki is sent to stay with him to make sure he doesnt mess up the job.
According to longtime best friend Matt Damon, Ben Affleck twitches whenever the film Jee-lyee is mentioned.
The film Jee-lyee started out as a straightforward mob film, until Columbia, against Martin Brests wishes, turned it into a romantic comedy, to cash in on the relationship between Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez.
Of all of the primary cast members of the movie Jee-lyee, the only one who does not curse at all during his scenes is Christopher Walken.
A sarcastic humanoid duck is pulled from his homeworld to Earth where he must stop a hellish alien invasion with the help of a nerdy scientist and a cute struggling female rock singer who fancies him.
The Last Air Bender was such a bad movie that Aang has a permanent downvote tattooed on his head.
A horde of mutated birds descends upon the quiet town of Half Moon Bay, California. With the death toll rising, Two citizens manage to fight back, but will they survive Birdemic?
No one could be more bored than Zack, the new kid in town with no friends in sight. When a gang of hip, skateboarding thrashers start cruising his neighborhood, Zack hopes his luck will change. But they want nothing to do with him. Then Zack makes the discovery of his life: a talking wisecracking, magical skateboard. And suddenly, skateboarding rises to entirely new heights.
Evil aliens attack Earth and set their terrible "Plan 9" into action. As the aliens resurrect the dead of the Earth, the lives of the living are in danger.
In Hollywood, California, Cool Cat, alongside his human father Daddy Derek, embarks on his most challenging journey yet: saving the kids from Butch the Bully. Can he do it?
A vacationing family discovers that the entire town they're visiting is inhabited by goblins, disguised as humans, who plan to eat them.
A young security guard must track down diminutive aliens who kill people even as they make their fantasies come true.
A teenager stumbles upon an alien weapon, which transforms him into a grotesque killer.
A mad scientist transforms himself into an aquatic killer.
The Martians kidnap Santa Claus because there is nobody on Mars to give their children presents.
Two Brooklyn plumbers, Mario and Luigi, must travel to another dimension to rescue a princess from the evil dictator King Koopa and stop him from taking over the world.
A security guard's dreams come true when he is selected to be transformed into a cybernetic police officer.
A group of college students travels to a mysterious island to attend a rave, which is soon taken over by bloodthirsty zombies.
A science teacher, his wife, and a young girl struggle to survive a plague that causes those infected to commit suicide.
A rapper gets stuck in a small town and falls for a local girl whose family is in witness protection. Vanilla Ice is Cool as Ice.
A trained chimpanzee plays third base for a minor-league baseball team.
A group of teens trapped on an island, and are haunted by a demon hidden inside a pinata.
While on vacation in Mexico, Chloe, a ritzy Beverly Hills chihuahua, finds herself lost and in need of assistance in order to get back home.
The monstrous Ro-Man attempts to annihilate the last family alive on Earth, but finds himself falling for their beautiful daughter.
When an oil company unwittingly unleashes a prehistoric shark from its icy prison, the Jurassic killer maroons a group of thieves and beautiful young female college students on an abandoned island.
An alien trying to escape from NASA is befriended by a wheelchair-bound boy.
An Italian waiter fights off a criminal mastermind with his inherited powers of disguise.
An outlaw who was raised by Native Americans discovers that he has five half-brothers; together the men go on a mission to find their wayward, deadbeat dad.
A giant, reptilian monster surfaces, leaving destruction in its wake as it strides into New York City. To stop it, an earthworm scientist, his reporter ex-girlfriend, and other unlikely heroes team up to save their city.
In an alternate futuristic society, a tough female police detective is paired with a talking dinosaur to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a mad scientist bent on creating a new Armageddon.
A high school student named Light Turner discovers a mysterious notebook that has the power to kill anyone whose name is written within its pages, and launches a secret crusade to rid the world of criminals.
A group of smart-talking toddlers find themselves at the center of a media mogul's experiment to crack the code to baby talk. The toddlers must race against time for the sake of babies everywhere.
A cop investigates the case of a missing local teen, though he discovers a dark secret that has been unleashed in his town, and an evil spirit that will stop at nothing to find its heir.
Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji.
Davey Stone, an alcoholic with a criminal record, is sentenced to community service under the supervision of an elderly referee. Davey is then faced with trying to reform and abandon his bad habits.
Four young outsiders teleport to an alternate and dangerous universe which alters their physical form in shocking ways. The four must learn to harness their new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy.
Five years later, Tony Manero's Saturday Night Fever is still burning. Now he's strutting toward his biggest challenge yet: succeeding as a dancer on the Broadway stage.
A waitress from Texas and a college student from Pennsylvania meet during spring break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and come together through their shared love of singing.
A troubled kid inadvertently releases a genie, who must grant him any three wishes he requests.
A young singer dates a disc jockey who helps her get into the music business, but their relationship become complicated as she ascends to super stardom.
Being accused of writing the screenplay for Glitter is considered an insult in most circles
Its the year 3000 AD, and the Earth is lost to the alien race of Psychlos. Humanity is enslaved by these gold-thirsty tyrants, who are unaware that their man animals are about to ignite the rebellion of a lifetime.
Moronic best friends get themselves locked inside the Bio-Dome, a science experiment, along with a group of environmental scientists for one year.
Chewbacca and Han Solo try to get to the Wookiee homeworld of Kashyyyk to celebrate Life Day, but are impeded by an Imperial blockade. Chewie's family passes the time with various forms of entertainment.
After being bitten by a bat in a cave, a doctor undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat, which ruins his vacation and causes considerable distress for his wife.
His annual Christmas party faltering thanks to his cynical brother-in-law, former Growing Pains star Kirk Cameron attempts to save the day by showing him that Jesus Christ remains a crucial component of the over-commercialized holiday
A family gets lost on the road and stumbles upon a hidden, underground, devil-worshiping cult led by the fearsome Master and his servant Torgo.
A platoon of eagles and vultures attack Hollywood, California. Why did the eagles and vultures attack? Who will survive? Birdemic Two
Dodger must confront the struggles of life as he is visited by the Garbage Pail Kids and intimidated by some older bullies.
In this Hunger Games spoof, Kantmiss Evershot must fight for her life in the 75th annual Starving Games, where she could also win an old ham, a coupon for a foot-long sub, and a partially eaten pickle. Incredibly, this is not a porn movie.
A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
A mad scientist kidnaps and mutilates a trio of tourists in order to reassemble them into a human centipede, created by stitching their mouths to each others' rectums.
A demonic nun unleashes holy hell when she summons the devil to possess a great white shark.
Inspired by the fictional Dr. Heiter, disturbed loner Martin dreams of creating a 12-person centipede and sets out to realize his sick fantasy.
Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems.
Robert Ebert considered Spice World to be the worst movie of 1988 until he saw Armageddon
Spice World is a 1997 musical comedy adventure from director Bob Spiers and stars the ground-breaking female pop group The Spice Girls. In the film which takes place in a fictional alternate reality, a corrupt newspaper owner sets out to destroy the reputation of the Spice Girls who are preparing for their concert at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
It is the dawn of World War 3. In mid-western America, a group of teenagers band together to defend their town, and their country, from invading Soviet forces.
Charlie Sheens feature film debut was Red Dawn in 1984
