US scientists calculated that Santa visits 822 homes a second to deliver all the worlds presents on Christmas Eve, travelling at 650 miles a second.
Robins on cards were a joke 150 years ago when postmen wore red tunics and were named after them.
Although now mostly vegetarian, in Victorian times, mince pies were made with beef and spices.
The tradition of putting tangerines in stockings comes from 12th-century French nuns who left socks full of fruit, nuts and tangerines at the houses of the poor.
Despite the tale of three wise men paying homage to baby Jesus, the Bible never gives a number. Matthews Gospel refers to merely wise men.
Carols began as an old English custom called wassailing, toasting neighbours to a long life.
Carols werent sung in churches until they were introduced by St Francis of Assisi in the 13th century.
Hanging stockings out comes from the Dutch custom of leaving shoes packed with food for St Nicholass donkeys. He would leave small gifts in return.
There is no reference to angels singing anywhere in the Bible.
Nearly 60 million Christmas trees are grown each year in Europe.
The word Noel derives from the French expression les bonnes nouvelles or the good news.
Jesus was probably born in a cave and not a wooden stable, say Biblical scholars.
The abbreviation Xmas isnt irreligious. The letter X is a Greek abbreviation for Christ.
The worlds tallest Xmas tree at 221ft high was erected in a Washington shopping mall in 1950.
Many theologians estimate that Jesus wasnt born on December 25 but sometime in September between 6BC and 30AD.
James Pierponts 1857 song Jingle Bells was first called One Horse Open Sleigh and was written for Thanksgiving.
Before turkey, the traditional Christmas meal in England was a pigs head and mustard.
In 1647, after the English Civil War, Oliver Cromwell banned festivities. The law wasnt lifted until 1660.
In 1999, residents of the state of Maine in America built the worlds biggest ever snowman. He stood at 113ft tall.
The Greeks celebrate Christmas on January 7, according to the old Julian calendar, while Xmas presents are opened on New Years Day.
Many parts of the Christmas tree can actually be eaten, with the needles being a good source of Vitamin C.
The holly in a wreath symbolises Christs crown of thorns while the red berries are drops of his blood.
The first commercial Christmas cards were commissioned by civil servant Sir Henry Cole in London in 1843. Featuring a family drinking wine, one sold for #8,469 last year.
Hanging presents on trees may come from the Druids who believed the tree was the giver of all good things.
The largest Christmas cracker - 45.72m long and 3.04m in diameter - was pulled in Australia in 1991.
The long shopping spree before Christmas began in America when relatives of soldiers posted overseas in the Second World War were encouraged to mail gifts early.
Jingle Bells was the first song broadcast from space when Gemini 6 astronauts Tom Stafford and Wally Schirra sang it on December 16, 1965.
Astronomers believe the Star Of Bethlehem, which guided the wisemen to Jesus, may have been a comet or the planet Uranus.
Santa has different names around the world - Kriss Kringle in Germany, Le Befana in Italy, Pere Noel in France and Deushka Moroz (Grandfather Frost) in Russia.
The word Christmas comes from the Old English Cristes maesse meaning Christs Mass.
The bestselling Xmas single ever is Bing Crosbys White Christmas, shifting over 50million copies worldwide since 1942.
In Britain, the best-selling festive single is Band Aids 1984 track, Do They Know Its Christmas?, which sold 3.5million copies. Wham! is next in the same year with Last Christmas, selling 1.4million.
Upside artificial Xmas trees are sold to allow more gifts to be piled under.
Since 1947 Oslo has sent an Xmas tree to London to thank us for our help in the Second World War.
Christmas pudding was originally a soup made with raisins and wine.
London sweetmaker Tom Smith created the first Christmas crackers in 1847, based on the sweet wrapper design.
Santa Claus comes from a Dutch folk tale based on Saint Nicholas, or Sinterklaas, who gave gifts on December 6.
Boxing Day gets its name from all the money collected in church alms-boxes for the poor.
Kissing under the mistletoe is thought to spring from Frigga, the Norse goddess of love, who was associated with the plant.
The Beatles hold the record for most Christmas number 1 singles, topping the charts in 1963, 65 and 67.
Electric tree lights were invented by Edward Johnson in the US in 1882.
They may date back to pagan traditions, but the earliest known reference to a Christmas tree is in a German pamphlet from 1570.
The highest-grossing Christmas movie is 2000s How The Grinch Stole Christmas, which has raked in #175m so far.
There are 13 Santas in Iceland, each leaving a gift for children. They come down from the mountain one by one, starting on December 12 and have names like Spoon Licker, Door Sniffer and Meat Hook.
Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer was invented for a US firms Christmas promotion in 1938.
Gold chocolate coins commemorate St Nicholas who gave bags of gold coins to the poor.
The first Christmas celebrated in Britain is thought to have been in York in 521AD.
In Greece, Italy, Spain and Germany, workers get a Christmas bonus of one months salary by law.
In the Czech Republic they enjoy dinners of fish soup, eggs and carp. The number of people at the table must be even, or the one without a partner will die next year.
There are many names for Christmas from the old times and these include Midwinter, Nativity and Yule.
The first Christmas crackers - a traditional festive favourite - were made around 1845-1850 by a London sweet maker called Tom Smith.
Norwegian scientists have hypothesized that Rudolph’s red nose is probably the result of a parasitic infection of his respiratory system.
The Germans made the first artificial Christmas trees out of dyed goose feathers.
Each year more than 3 billion Christmas cards are sent in the U.S. alone.
All the gifts in the Twelve Days of Christmas would equal 364 gifts.
The “true love” mentioned in the song “Twelve Days of Christmas” does not refer to a romantic couple, but the Catholic Church’s code for God. 
According to data analyzed from Facebook posts, two weeks before Christmas is one of the two most popular times for couples to break up. However, Christmas Day is the least favorite day for breakups.
Most of Santa’s reindeer have male-sounding names, such as Blitzen, Comet, and Cupid. However, male reindeers shed their antlers around Christmas, so the reindeer pulling Santa’s sleigh are likely not male, but female or castrated.
In A.D. 350, Pope Julius I, bishop of Rome, proclaimed December 25 the official celebration date for the birthday of Christ.
According to the Guinness world records, the tallest Christmas tree ever cut was a 221-foot Douglas fir that was displayed in 1950 at the Northgate Shopping Center in Seattle, Washington.
The traditional three colors of Christmas are green, red, and gold. Green has long been a symbol of life and rebirth; red symbolizes the blood of Christ, and gold represents light as well as wealth and royalty.
Contrary to popular belief, suicide rates during the Christmas holiday are low. The highest rates are during the spring.
The world’s largest Christmas stocking measured 106 feet and 9 inches long and 49 feet and 1 inch  wide. It weighed as much as five reindeer and held almost 1,000 presents. It was made by the Children’s Society in London on December 14, 2007
Christmas trees have been sold in the U.S. since 1850
Christmas trees usually grow for about 15 years before they are sold
Many European countries believed that spirits, both good and evil, were active during the Twelve Days of Christmas. These spirits eventually evolved into Santa’s elves, especially under the influence of Clement C. Moore’s The Night Before Christmas 
Each year there are approximately 20,000 “rent-a-Santas” across the United States. “Rent-a-Santas” usually undergo seasonal training on how to maintain a jolly attitude under pressure from the public. They also receive practical advice, such as not accepting money from parents while children are looking and avoiding garlic, onions, or beans for lunch.
Bolivians celebrate Misa del Gallo or “Mass of the Rooster” on Christmas Eve. Some people bring roosters to the midnight mass, a gesture that symbolizes the belief that a rooster was the first animal to announce the birth of Jesus.
The British wear paper crowns while they eat Christmas dinner. The crowns are stored in a tube called a “Christmas cracker
n Poland, spiders or spider webs are common Christmas trees decorations because according to legend, a spider wove a blanket for Baby Jesus. In fact, Polish people consider spiders to be symbols of goodness and prosperity at Christmas
Alabama was the first state in the United States to officially recognize Christmas in 1836
Christmas wasn’t declared an official holiday in the United States until June 26, 1870.
Oklahoma was the last U.S. state to declare Christmas a legal holiday, in 1907
Evergreens (from the Old English word aefie meaning “always” and gowan meaning “to grow”) have been symbols of eternal life and rebirth since ancient times. The pagan use and worship of evergreen boughs and trees has evolved into the Christianized Christmas tree.
Ancient peoples, such as the Druids, considered mistletoe sacred because it remains green and bears fruit during the winter when all other plants appear to die. Druids would cut the plant with golden sickles and never let it touch the ground. They thought it had the power to cure infertility and nervous diseases and to ward off evil.
Mistletoe (Viscum album) is from the Anglo-Saxon word misteltan, which means “little dung twig” because the plant spreads though bird droppings.
Because they viewed Christmas as a decadent Catholic holiday, the Puritans in America banned all Christmas celebrations from 1659-1681 with a penalty of five shillings for each offense. Some Puritan leaders condemned those who favored Christmas as enemies of the Christian religion
A Yule log is an enormous log that is typically burned during the Twelve Days of Christmas (December 25-January 6). Some scholars suggest that the word yule means “revolution” or “wheel,” which symbolizes the cyclical return of the sun. A burning log or its charred remains is said to offer health, fertility, and luck as well as the ability to ward off evil spirits
Because of their pagan associations, both the holly (associated with the masculine principle) and the ivy (the feminine) and other green boughs in home decoration were banned by the sixth-century Christian Council of Braga.
he poinsettia is native to Mexico and was cultivated by the Aztecs, who called the plant Cuetlaxochitl (“flower which wilts”). For the Aztecs, the plant’s brilliant red color symbolized purity, and they often used it medicinally to reduce fever. Contrary to popular belief, the poinsettia is not poisonous, but holly berries are.
Christmas has its roots in pagan festivals such as Saturnalia (December 17-December 23), the Kalends (January 1 -5, the precursor to the Twelve Days of Christmas), and Deus Sol Invictus or Birthday of the Unconquerable Sun (December 25). The Christian church heartily disapproved of such celebrations and co-opted the pagans by declaring December 25 as Christ’s day of birth, though there is no evidence Christ was born on that day
Santa Claus is based on a real person, St. Nikolas of Myra (also known as Nikolaos the Wonderworker, Bishop Saint Nicholas of Smyrna, and Nikolaos of Bari), who lived during the fourth century. Born in Patara (in modern-day Turkey), he is the world’s most popular non-Biblical saint, and artists have portrayed him more often than any other saint except Mary. He is the patron saint of banking, pawnbroking, pirating, butchery, sailing, thievery, orphans, royalty, and New York City.
Early illustrations of St. Nicholas depict him as stern, commanding, and holding a birch rod. He was more a symbol of discipline and punishment than the jolly, overweight elf children know today
Puritan Oliver Cromwell outlawed Christmas celebrations and carols in England from 1649-1660. The only celebrations allowed were sermons and prayers.
Wassail is from the Old Norse ves heill, meaning good health.
Christmas stockings allegedly evolved from three sisters who were too poor to afford a marriage dowry and were, therefore, doomed to a life of prostitution. They were saved, however, when the wealthy Bishop Saint Nicholas of Smyrna (the precursor to Santa Claus) crept down their chimney and generously filled their stockings with gold coins.
he Viking god Odin is one precursor to the modern Santa Claus. According to myth, Odin rode his flying horse, Sleipnir (a precursor to Santa’s reindeer), who had eight legs. In the winter, Odin gave out both gifts and punishments, and children would fill their boots or stockings with treats for Sleipnir
There are two competing claims as to which president was the first to place a Christmas tree in the White House. Some scholars say President Franklin Pierce did in 1856; others say President Benjamin Harrison brought in the first tree in 1889. President Coolidge started the White House lighting ceremony in 1923
President Teddy Roosevelt, an environmentalist, banned Christmas trees from the White House in 1901
It is estimated that the single “White Christmas” by Irving Berlin is the best selling single of all time, with over 100 million sales worldwide
There are approximately 21,000 Christmas tree farms in the United States. In 2008, nearly 45 million Christmas trees were planted, adding to the existing 400 million trees.
The first person to decorate a Christmas tree was reportedly the Protestant reformer Martin Luther.According to legend, he was so moved by the beauty of the stars shining between the branches of a fir tree, he brought home an evergreen tree and decorated it with candles to share the image with his children
The first printed reference to a Christmas tree was in 1531 in Germany.
Approximately 30-35 million real (living) Christmas trees are sold each year in the U.S.
Christmas is a contraction of “Christ’s Mass,” which is derived from the Old English Cristes mæsse (first recorded in 1038). The letter “X” in Greek is the first letter of Christ, and “Xmas” has been used as an abbreviation for Christmas since the mid 1500s.
In 1962, the first Christmas postage stamp was issued in the United States.
In Germany, Heiligabend, or Christmas Eve, is said to be a magical time when the pure in heart can hear animals talking.
The earliest known Christmas tree decorations were apples. At Christmastime, medieval actors would use apples to decorate paradise trees (usually fir trees) during “Paradise Plays,” which were plays depicting Adam and Eve’s creation and fall.
Commissioned by Sir Henry Cole (1808-1883), British illustrator John Callcott Horsley (1817-1903) invented the first Christmas card in 1843
Christmas purchases account for 1/6 of all retail sales in the U.S.
According to the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), there are 2,106 million children under age 18 in the world. If there are on average 2.5 children per household, Santa would have to make 842 million stops on Christmas Eve, traveling 221 million miles. To reach all 842 million stops, Santa would need to travel between houses in 2/10,000 second, which means he would need to accelerate 12.19 million miles (20.5 billion meters) per second on each stop. The force of this acceleration would reduce Santa to “chunky salsa.
During the Christmas season, nearly 28 sets of LEGO are sold every second.
Many of the most popular Christmas songs, such as White Christmas, Winter Wonderland, Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire, Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer, and I’ll Be Home for Christmas were written or co-written by Jews.
Tiny Tim in Charles Dickens classic novella A Christmas Carol was almost named Little Fred.
Assuming Rudolph was in front, there are 40,320 ways to rearrange the other reindeer.
The word nog is from the word grog, meaning any drink made from rum.
According to the Consumer Product Safety Commission, over 14,700 people in the United States end up in the ER each November and December from holiday decorating accidents.
In the United States, dried Christmas trees cause an estimated 100 fires, resulting in about 10 deaths and 15.7 million in property damage.
While we associate Jingle Bells with Christmas, the song was written by James Lord Pierpont to celebrate Thanksgiving.
Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer, Rockin Around The Christmas Tree, and Holly Jolly Christmas were written by Jewish songwriter Johnny Marks.
The first Christmas song to mention Santa Claus was Benjamin Hanbys Up On The Housetop. Written in 1864, Hanby was inspired Clement Moores 1823 poem A Visit from Saint Nicholas.
O Come, O Come Emmanuel is one of the oldest Christmas hymns to still get airplay. Originally composed in Latin during the twelfth century, it was translated into English by John Mason Neale in 1851.
Thurl Ravenscroft, the singer responsible for How the Grinch Stole Christmas classic song Youre a Mean One, Mr. Grinch, also famously voiced Tony the Tiger, the mascot for Kelloggs Frosted Flakes.
White Christmas was written by Jewish songwriter Irving Berlin.
Irving Berlin hated Elvis Presleys version of White Christmas so much that he tried to prevent radio stations from playing Presleys cover.
In April 1975, the American military played White Christmas over Armed Forces Radio as a covert signal instructing soldiers in Vietnam to evacuate Saigon.
Irving Berlin originally wrote White Chirstmas for a Broadway musical that was never produced. It was then picked up by Hollywood producers who used it in Holiday Inn, a 1942 film starring Bing Crosby and Fred Astaire.
Bing Crosbys version of White Christmas is the highest-selling single of all time.
Written for the 1944 film Meet Me in St. Louis, the original lyrics to Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas were deemed too sad by both the films director Vincente Minelli and its star Judy Garland. They asked songwriter Vincente Minelli to rewrite sections of the song.
In 1906, a violin solo of O Holy Night was the second piece of music to be broadcast to ever be broadcast on radio.
Hark! The Herald Angels Sing and Joy to the World are two of the oldest English language Christmas hymns, originating in the 1700s.
Let It Snow has made its way into the Christmas cannon despite the fact that it never once mentions the holiday and was written by Jewish songwriters Jule Styne and Sammy Cahn.
Walter Afanasieff, Mariah Careys co-writer on All I Want For Christmas Is You, also wrote Celine Dions My Heart Will Go On.
Bing Crosbys version of Silent Night is the third highest-selling single of all time.
Jingle Bells was the first song performed in space.
Songwriter Gloria Shayne Baker wrote Do You Hear What I Hear? as a plea for peace during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962.
Jay Livingston and Ray Evans holiday classic Silver Bells was originally titled Tinkle Bells. They changed it when Livingstons wife explained that tinkle was often a synonym for urination.
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer didnt originate in Jonny Marks classic Christmas jingle. Instead, the character was created by Robert L. May, a staff copywriter for the Montgomery Ward department store as part of a series of holiday-themed coloring books sold by the retail giant.
We Wish You A Merry Christmas is one of the oldest secular Christmas songs, originating in 16th century England.
Mel Tormés The Christmas Song (more commonly known as Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire) was written during a summer heatwave in 1944.
For 28 years, Darlene Love sang her holiday hit Baby Please Come Home on David Lettermans late-night show.
Singer Brenda Lee recorded the original version of Rockin Around The Christmas Tree when she was only 13 years old.
Winter Wonderland was written by Jewish songwriters Felix Bernard and Richard B. Smith.
Lou Monte recorded “Dominick The Donkey” in 1960. It managed to land the bilingual Donkey at number three, moving 93,000 units. But if it hadn’t been for the Mafia, the song would have never been recorded at all.
Silver Bells, written by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans. The original title? Tinkle Bells. The title was changed when Livingstons wife told him about the double meaning of tinkle.
The worlds largest caroling service took place December 20, 2003, as recorded by the Guinness Book of World Records. Organized by the City of Cambridge in Ontario, Canada, 1,175 carolers sang Christmas songs in the Civic Square for 28 minutes.
Rudolph, Frosty, and Kris Kringle were all brought to life on television, thanks to the work of Rankin-Bass. The television production company founded by Arthur Rankin, Jr., and Jules Bass achieved fame in 1964 when they created an animated adaptation of the song Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
The gift of gold to the Christ Child is supposed to have come from Melchior, a king from Arabia, who, legend has it, was one of the Three Wise Men. His contribution is thought to have financed the Holy Familys flight into Egypt.
Tradition maintains that Balthasar, one of the Three Wise Men who came from the East to find the Christ Child, presented frankincense to the baby as a gift. By honoring him in this way, Balthasar fulfilled the prophecy that gold and frankincense would be brought from the Gentiles to honor the heavenly king
Myrrh is known for its medicinal value and was used in ancient times for cleaning wounds and sores, as an analgesic, and for embalming the dead or anointing kings.
The time-honored tradition of sending Christmas cards began more than 150 years ago in England. Sir Henry Cole, a renaissance man who wrote and published books on art and architecture, was too busy to write holiday greetings to friends and family, so he asked John Callcott Horsley, a well-known painter, to design a card with a single message that could be sent to everyone on his list.
It was prophesied in Micah 5:2 that Bethlehem would be the birthplace of the future King of the Jews. Indeed, this small Judean city near Jerusalem became the site of the Nativity. Bethlehem, which means house of bread, was also the home of David, one of Gods favorite kings.
Mexicans celebrate the birth of Jesus with las Posadas, nine days of preparation during which the story of the Nativity is reenacted each day. These days lead up to Noche Buena or Christmas Eve. Most families go to mass, then head home for dinner with family and friends. The highlight of the evening is placing Baby Jesus in the manger in the Nativity scene.
Celebrating the season is a month-long event in Germany, with festivities culminating on Christmas Eve, when the Christmas tree is unveiled. Children are not allowed to see the tree until a bell rings to signify that the Christ Child has been there.
Although the exact origin of Boxing Day is unknown, it is believed to date back to England during the Middle Ages. The most widely accepted theory is that even though servants were required to work on Christmas Day, they were given a reprieve the day after to visit family, with their employers sending them off with a box containing gifts and food, hence the term Boxing Day.
Reindeer are one of several subspecies of caribou found around the world.
Reindeer are herbivores, which means they eat vegetation. In the summer, they eat leaves and herbs. In the winter, they eat lichen and moss.
Reindeer generally dont run very fast. In fact, a white-tailed deer could outrun a reindeer.
Reindeer use their antlers like a shovel to break through the crust of snow to reach the vegetation underneath.
The Christmas tree is thought to have originated in a play often performed in the Middle Ages during the Advent season. Based on the story of Adam and Eve, the play featured a Paradise Tree in the Garden of Eden that was decorated with apples to symbolize Eves temptation. The tree used in the play was an evergreen tree, which symbolized fertility and a renewal of life.
Poinsettias account for 88 percent of all plant purchases at Christmastime. The most popular color is red, but they are also available in white, cream, pink, and yellow, and they can be striped, spotted, or marbled.
Although most mistletoe is parasitic, and, therefore, harmful to the trees on which it grows, the Celts thought it had magical powers for healing wounds and increasing fertility, so they placed it throughout their homes for good luck and to ward off evil spirits.
