Its as much fun to scare as to be scared.
Darkness falls across the land, The Midnight Hour is close at hand.
Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see.
Anyone could see that the wind was a special wind this night, and the darkness took on a special feel because it was All Hallows Eve.
Villainy wears many masks, none so dangerous as the mask of virtue.
Ive seen enough horror movies to know that any weirdo wearing a mask is never friendly.
There is something at work in my soul, which I do not understand.
Never trust anything that can think for itself if you cant see where it keeps its brain.
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
A person should always choose a costume which is in direct contrast to her own personality.
I put a spell on you because youre mine.
I would like, if I may, to take you on a strange journey.
Its time to sing pumpkin carols
If human beings had genuine courage, theyd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween.
There is something haunting in the light of the moon.
On Halloween, witches come true; wild ghosts escape from dreams. Each monster dances in the park.
Shadows mutter, mist replies; darkness purrs as midnight sighs.
Ill stop wearing black when they make a darker color.
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
I love Halloween, and I love that feeling: the cold air, the spooky dangers lurking around the corner.
Its Halloween; everyones entitled to one good scare.
The farther weve gotten from the magic and mystery of our past, the more weve come to need Halloween.
Darkness falls across the land, The midnite hour is close at hand
Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize yawls neighbourhood
Whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell And rot inside a corpses shell
The demons squeal in sheer delight Its you they spy, so plump, so right
For although the groove is hard to beat Its still you stand with frozen feet
You try to run, you try to scream But no more sun youll ever see
For evil reached from the crypt To crush you in its icy grip
The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years
Grizzy ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom
And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller...`
That is not dead which can eternal lie, And with strange aeons even death may die.
Ah, I cast indeed my net into their sea, and meant to catch good fish; but always did I draw up the head of some ancient God.
Then the liberated Old Ones would teach them new ways to shout and kill and revel and enjoy themselves, and all the earth would flame with a holocaust of ecstasy and freedom.
The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.
We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far.
It seemed to be a sort of monster, or symbol representing a monster, of a form which only a diseased fancy could conceive.
Mankind was not absolutely alone among the conscious things of earth, for shapes came out of the dark to visit the faithful few.
Only poetry or madness could do justice to the noises.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
In the absence of light, darkness prevails. There are things that go bump in the night.
Its all just a bunch of hocus pocus!
When witches go riding, and black cats are seen, the moon laughs and whispers, tis near Halloween.
Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn and cauldron bubble.
Some people are born for Halloween, and some are just counting the days until Christmas.
There is magic in the night when pumpkins glow by moonlight.
When black cats prowl and pumpkins gleam, may luck be yours on Halloween.
Shadows of a thousand years rise again unseen, voices whisper in the trees, Tonight is Halloween!
Ghosts and goblins come to play on Octobers final day!
There is something haunting in the light of the moon.
Im the ghost with the most, babe.
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
FEAR stands for fuck everything and run
Eddie discovered one of his childhood's great truths. Grownups are the real monsters
the man in black travels with your soul in his pocket
even in Hell, people got an occasional sip of water, if only so they could appreciate the full horror of unrequited thirst when it set in again
stop now before i kill you a word to the wise from your friend PENNYWISE
Want a balloon?
Come to the basement and eat chicken with me
we need ghost stories because we, in fact, are the ghosts.
They float, they all float... and when you're down here with me, you'll float too.
It was as if some sick part of the night had gained a voice and was trying to sing
