Jeremiah 29 11 : For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Romans 8 18 : I consider that our present sufferings are not worth comparing with the glory that will be revealed in us.
Psalm 5 3 : In the morning, LORD, you hear my voice; in the morning, I lay my requests before you and wait expectantly.
Proverbs 18 13 : To answer before listening – that is folly and shame.
First Thessalonians 2 12 : Encouraging, comforting and urging you to live lives worthy of God, who calls you into his kingdom and glory.
Philippians 3 13 : Brothers and sisters, I do not consider myself yet to have taken hold of it. But one thing I do: Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead, I press on toward the goal to win the prize for which God has called me heavenward in Christ Jesus.
Second Corinthians 12 9 : But he said to me, my grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness. Therefore, I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me. That is why, for Christ’s sake, I delight in weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties. For when I am weak, then I am strong.
Psalm 37 23 : The LORD makes firm the steps of the one who delights in him; though he may stumble, he will not fall, for the LORD upholds him with his hand.
First Timothy 6 12 : Fight the good fight of the faith. Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called when you made your good confession in the presence of many witnesses.
Psalm 23 5 : Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever.
Philippians 4 13 I can do everything through him who gives me strength.
Proverbs 16 3 Commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.
First Kings 2 3 And observe what the Lord your God requires: Walk in his ways, and keep his decrees and commands, his laws and requirements, as written in the Law of Moses, so that you may prosper in all you do and wherever you go.
Luke 16 10 Whoever can be trusted with very little can also be trusted with much, and whoever is dishonest with very little will also be dishonest with much. So if you have not been trustworthy in handling worldly wealth, who will trust you with true riches?
Isaiah 41 10 So do not fear, for I am with you; do no be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Jeremiah 17 7 But blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, whose confidence is in him.
Deuteronomy 8 18 But remember the Lord your God, for it is he who gives you the ability to produce wealth, and so confirms his covenant, which he swore to your forefathers, as it is today.
Psalm 37 4 Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Proverbs 3 1  My son, do not forget my teaching, but let your heart keep my commandments, for length of days and years of life and peace they will add to you. Let not steadfast love and faithfulness forsake you; bind them around your neck; write them on the tablet of your heart. So you will find favor and good success in the sight of God and man.
James 4 10  Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will exalt you.
Joshua 1 9: Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be frightened, and do not be dismayed, for the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.
Lamentations 3 22-23:   The steadfast love of the LORD never ceases; his mercies never come to an end; they are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
Proverbs 3 5:   Trust in the LORD with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths.
Proverbs 18 10: The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous man runs into it and is safe.
Psalm 16 8: I have set the LORD always before me; because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken.
Psalm 23 4: Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Psalm 31 24: Be strong, and let your heart take courage, all you who wait for the LORD! 
Psalm 46 7: The LORD of hosts is with us; the God of Jacob is our fortress.
Psalm 55 22:   Cast your burden on the LORD, and he will sustain you; he will never permit the righteous to be moved.
Psalm 62 6: He only is my rock and my salvation, my fortress; I shall not be shaken.
Psalm 118 14:   The LORD is my strength and my song; he has become my salvation. Glad songs of salvation are in the tents of the righteous- ‘The right hand of the LORD does valiantly, the right hand of the LORD exalts, the right hand of the LORD does valiantly!’
Psalm 119 114: You are my hiding place and my shield;I hope in your word. Depart from me, you evildoers, that I may keep the commandments of my God.
Psalm 119 50: This is my comfort in my affliction, that your promise gives me life.
Psalm 120 1:   In my distress I called to the LORD, and he answered me.
Isaiah 26 3: You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you. 
Isaiah 40 31: But they who wait for the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings like eagles; they shall run and not be weary; they shall walk and not faint.
Isaiah 41 10: Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
Isaiah 43 2: When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you.
Matthew 11 28: Come to me, all who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.
Mark 10 27: Jesus looked at them and said, ‘With man it is impossible, but not with God. For all things are possible with God.’
John 16 33: I have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world.
Second Corinthians 1 3:   Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our affliction, so that we may be able to comfort those who are in any affliction, with the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted by God.
First Thessalonians 5 11: Therefore encourage one another and build one another up, just as you are doing.
Philippians 4 19: And my God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
First Peter 5 7: Casting all your anxieties on him, because he cares for you.
Deuteronomy 31 6: Be strong and courageous. Do not fear or be in dread of them, for it is the LORD your God who goes with you. He will not leave you or forsake you.
Joshua 1 7: Only be strong and very courageous, being careful to do according to all the law that Moses my servant commanded you. Do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left, that you may have good success wherever you go.
Nahum 1 7: The LORD is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble; he knows those who take refuge in him.
Psalm 27 4:   One thing have I asked of the LORD, that will I seek after  that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the LORD and to inquire in his temple.
Psalm 34 8:   Oh, taste and see that the LORD is good! Blessed is the man who takes refuge in him!
Proverbs 17 17: A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity.
Isaiah 26 3: You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you.
John 15 13: Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.
Romans 8 28: And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose.
Romans 8 31:   What then shall we say to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us?
Romans 8 38: For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Romans 15 13:  May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
First Corinthians 13 12: For now we see in a mirror dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part; then I shall know fully, even as I have been fully known.
First Corinthians 15 58:   Therefore, my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain.
First Corinthians 16 13:   Be watchful, stand firm in the faith, act like men, be strong.
Second Corinthians 4 16:  So we do not lose heart. Though our outer self is wasting away, our inner self is being renewed day by day. For this light momentary affliction is preparing for us an eternal weight of glory beyond all comparison, as we look not to the things that are seen but to the things that are unseen. For the things that are seen are transient, but the things that are unseen are eternal.
Ephesians 3 17: So that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith—that you, being rooted and grounded in love, may have strength to comprehend with all the saints what is the breadth and length and height and depth, and to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled with all the fullness of God. Now to him who is able to do far more abundantly than all that we ask or think, according to the power at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, forever and ever.
Philippians 3 7: But whatever gain I had, I counted as loss for the sake of Christ. Indeed, I count everything as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus my Lord. For his sake I have suffered the loss of all things and count them as rubbish, in order that I may gain Christ and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law, but that which comes through faith in Christ, the righteousness from God that depends on faith.
Hebrews 10 19:   Therefore, brothers, since we have confidence to enter the holy places by the blood of Jesus, by the new and living way that he opened for us through the curtain, that is, through his flesh, and since we have a great priest over the house of God, let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, with our hearts sprinkled clean from an evil conscience and our bodies washed with pure water. Let us hold fast the confession of our hope without wavering, for he who promised is faithful.
Hebrews 12 1:   Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us also lay aside every weight, and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking to Jesus, the founder and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is seated at the right hand of the throne of God.
First Peter 2 9:   But you are a chosen race, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a people for his own possession, that you may proclaim the excellencies of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Once you were not a people, but now you are God’s people; once you had not received mercy, but now you have received mercy.
First Peter 2 11:   Beloved, I urge you as sojourners and exiles to abstain from the passions of the flesh, which wage war against your soul.
James 1 2:   Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
First John 3 1:   See what kind of love the Father has given to us, that we should be called children of God; and so we are. The reason why the world does not know us is that it did not know him. Beloved, we are God’s children now, and what we will be has not yet appeared; but we know that when he appearswe shall be like him, because we shall see him as he is. And everyone who thus hopes in him purifies himself as he is pure.
First John 3 22: And whatever we ask we receive from him, because we keep his commandments and do what pleases him.
