I like the night. Without the dark, we would never see the stars.
It was the possibility of darkness that made the day seem so bright.
Fear not though; there was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope.
Twilight drops her curtain down, and pins it with a star. 
And the Night hath a thousand eyes.
The day is for honest men, the night for thieves.
You cant stand up to the night until you understand whats hiding in its shadows.
Shadows fall on even the brightest hours.
Nights black Mantle covers all alike.  
No sight is more provocative of awe than is the night sky. 
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. 
Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
The secret to making a good half-pony, half-monkey monster is to use just the right amount of monkeys.
The cake is a lie.
Street Smarts!
Demons are like obedient dogs; they come when they are called.
Last night I saw upon the stair, a little man who wasnt there. He wasnt there again today. Oh, how I wish he’d go away…
Listen to them, the children of the night. What music they make!
Sometimes the things in our heads are far worse than anything they could put in books or on film.
Everyone is a moon and has a dark side, which he never shows to anybody.
Monsters are real, ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
The world is full of monsters, and they are allowed to bite the innocent and the unwary.
Fear not the dark itself, but what may lurk within it.
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes.
The scariest monsters are the ones that lurk within our souls.
Welcome to my nightmare, I think youre going to like it.
Just remember, at first cock crow the ghosts must go back to their quiet graves below.
Danger doesnt lurk at every corner. Its just hanging out, waiting for fear and horror to show up.
