White sand beaches in Hawaii and the Maldives are primarily made from parrot fish poop.
Along with landing on the moon, Neil Armstrong also left four bags of poop behind.
Sloths leave the safety of their trees only once a week, and it's for their weekly poop.
As a form of birth control, ancient Egyptians made an early diaphragm out of crocodile poop and honey.
Your poop is about 75% water.
If you want to poop more, eating fiber-rich foods like sweet potatoes, raspberries, black beans, and edamame can help.
A 1992 study found that less than half of the population enjoys a normal, once daily, poop cycle, and young women are the least likely to poop normally.
Caterpillar poop is called Frass
When poop fossilizes, it is then called coprolite
The word Turd is derived from the Middle English for excrement
The Mariko Aoki phenomenon is urge to defecate that is suddenly felt after entering bookstores.
An obstruction in the small intestine can cause you to experience fecal vomiting. Think about that.
In World War 2, German tank drivers in Africa used to drive tanks over camel poop for luck
Wombats have cube shaped poop, which they use to remember where they live
Pandas can poop up to 48 pounds per day
3 billion people around the world still rely on charcoal and dung to cook their food
Salvador Dalí smeared himself with goat dung before meeting his wife for the first time
George Clooney once cleaned his roommates cat’s litter box for four days, then shit in it himself, causing the roommate to think it was from his constipated cat.
The oldest human poop ever discovered dates to about 50,000 years ago
Penguin poop can be seen from space
Penguins can poop at four times the pressure of your typical human.
There are over 7,000 species of dung beetles
cow-pie tossing contests are popular events in parts of Oklahoma and Wisconsin
The longest poop ever recorded was 26 feet long, in Ann Arbor, Michigan
The word poop comes from the Middle English word Poupen, which means to blow a horn
In 2015, someone had a poop so toxic on a British Airway flight from Heathrow to Dubai that it had to turn around and land after just 30 minutes.
n 1969, scientists were puzzled to find a tomato plant on a 40-year-old volcanic island. They were dumbfounded as to how it got there. It turned out that it grew from the poop that a scientist had taken on the island.
The Great Stink of London was an event in 1858 where the smell of human waste in the River Thames was so bad that it halted parliament. 250 tons of limes were used to mask the odor.
The average human poops $13 in precious metals per year.
Male hippos fling their poo by twirling their tails in order to impress females and mark their territory.
Defecation syncope is a condition in which a person poops so hard they pass out.
King George the Third had an illness that caused his poop to turn purple.
72% of shopping carts have fecal bacteria on the handles.
In order for a rabbit to stay healthy, they have to eat their own poop.
Wanna hear a poop joke?  Nah, they always stink.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill?  To get to the bottom.
What did one piece of toilet paper say to another?  Im feeling really wiped.
What do women and toilet paper have in common?  They both deal with a lot of crap.
Why did Tigger stick his head in the toilet?  To look for Pooh
What did one toilet say to the other?  You look flushed.
Why did the man bring toilet paper to the party?  Hes a party pooper.
Why do ducks have feathers?  To cover their butt quacks.
What did the bottle of conditioner do to the toilet?  Shampooed.
How do you say fart in German?  Far from poopin
Why did the lady stop telling poop jokes?  Everyone told her that they stink.
Why does Piglet always smell bad?  Because he plays with Pooh.
People who tell you that theyre constipated are full of crap.  
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, its probably crap.
Whats the definition of surprise?  A fart with a lump in it.
When is the best time to go to the restroom?  Poo-thirty.
Whats a surfers second greatest fear?  A shart attack.
What do you call a bathroom superhero?  Flush Gordon
Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road?  It got stuck in a crack.
What does Superman call his bathroom?  The Super bowl.
What did the fast food worker say to the toilet?  Did you order a number two? I have one ready for you.
What do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea?  Salad Shooter.
What do you call a magical poop?  Poodini.
What do you call a fairy in the bathroom?  Stinkerbell
Do clown farts smell funny?
Poop is a crap palindrome.
Why did the cop sit on the toilet?  To do his duty.
What do you use to make a house made of dung smell better?  Pooporri
My love for you is like diarrhea.  I cant hold it in.
Why doesnt Chuck Norris ever flush the toilet?  He scares the poop out of it.
Whats the best snack to eat while watching a movie that stinks?  Poopcorn
What, exactly, is a fart?  A lonely cry from an abandoned turd.
What did Spock find in the Enterprise toilet?  The Captains Log
Why is the toilet a good place for a nap?  Its in the rest room.
I called the incontinence hotline the other day.  The operated had the audacity to ask me to hold.
When Queen Elizabeth farts, is it considered a noble gas?
Whats brown and sounds like a bell?  Dung.
What did you get when you mix castor oil with holy water?  A religious movement.
How do you get the bathroom unlocked in a hurry?  With a doo-key.
Which movie is always the worst of the trilogy?  The turd one.
Did you hear about the constipated composer?  He had problems with his last movement.
Wanna hear a poop joke?  Nevermind. Its too corny.
Poop jokes arent my favorite. But theyre a solid number two.
Did you know that diarrhea is hereditary?  It runs in your genes.
You never really appreciate what youve got until its gone.  Toilet paper is a good example.
If pooping is the call of nature, is farting like a missed call?
What is big and brown and behind the wall?  Humptys Dump.
Have you seen the movie Diarrhea?  It leaked so they had to release it early.
What did the poop say to the fart?  You blow me away.
What did one fly say to the other?  Is this stool taken?
What do you get when you poop in your overalls?  Dung-arees.
Children are like farts.  Your own are just about bearable, but everyone elses are horrendous.
I ate four cans of alphabet soup yesterday.  Then I had probably the biggest vowel movement ever.
When bears poop in the woods, is the smell unbearable?
Have you seen the new movie, Constipated? It hasnt come out yet.
Did you hear about the constipated accountant?  He couldnt budget.
I was going to tell you another poop jokes, but its too crappy.
Did you hear about the constipated mathematician?  He worked it out with a pencil.
Why did the baker have smelly hands?  He kneaded a poo.
What do you call it when a janitor is fired for refusing to unclog the restroom toilets?  Dereliction of doodie.
Why didnt the soldier flush the toilet?  It wasnt his duty.
Why arent there toilets in some banks?  Because they dont all accept deposits.
I like toilets for two reasons.  Number 1 and number 2
I bought a toilet brush yesterday, but I gotta say… I prefer toilet paper.
I actually really like single ply toilet paper.  It helps me stay in touch with my inner self.
Whats your favorite cartoon?  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turdles
Its funny how corn maintains its shape once you poop it out Yet it tastes completely different
