Too weird to live, too rare to die!
We cant stop here, this is bat country!
Never trust a cop in a raincoat.
If ever asked to look at yourself, dont look.
Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard to Las Vegas.
Still humping the American Dream
The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous organs work in total darkness!
Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get a good price for them.
Automatic simply means that you cannot repair it yourself.
90% of everything is crud.
A Project Manager is like the madam in a brothel. His job is to see that everything comes off right.
A Smith & Wesson always beats four aces.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth about three Kleenex.
A childs ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives.
A clean desk is a sign of a sick mind.
A closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right.
A computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight.
A conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else to join you in your troubles.
A dog is a dog except when he is facing you. Then he is Mr. Dog.
A fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harbors suspicions to the contrary.
A fool and his money are some party.
A friend in power is a friend lost.
A good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something.
A great deal of money is never enough once you have it.
A hunch is creativity trying to tell you something.
A liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity.
A major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man will believe anything that does not cost him anything.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A miser is a fellow who lives within his income. He is also called a magician.
A misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage.
A narrow mind has a broad tongue.
A perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge.
A sense of decency is often a decent mans undoing.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone.
A synonym is a word you use when you cant spell the other one.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money.
Academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small.
Activity is the politicians substitute for achievement.
Adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
Against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle.
All things are possible.  Except skiing through a revolving door.
All turtle thoughts are of turtle.
All warranties expire upon payment of invoice.
All work and no play make Jack a dull boy and Jill a wealthy widow.
Alls well that ends.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Although I may disagree with what you say, I will defend to the death your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are.
Always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune.
Always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting in their best interests.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much.
Always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss.
Ambition is the curse of the political class.
An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth.
An efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty.
An elephant is a mouse built to government specifications.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius.
An open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind.
An unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage.
Anger is never without an argument, or with a good one.
Any appetite is its own excuse for existing.
Any given computer program, when running, is obsolete.
Any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Anyone can handle a crisis.  Its everyday living that kills you.
Anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to.
As scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand.
As the rabbit said, if that aint a wolf, its a hell of a big dog.
Ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying.
Assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced.
At best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum. What has been done cannot be undone.
Bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones.
Bankers are the assassins of hope.
Basic research is what you do when you dont know what you are doing.
Be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped.
Be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer.
Theres no intelligent life down here.
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone.
Behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law.
Being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one.
Bend the facts to fit the conclusion. Its easier that way.
Beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes.
Black holes are outa sight!
Blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth.
Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles.
Bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever.
Bullshit baffles brains.
By the time most of us have money to burn, our fires gone out.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Cheer up.  The first hundred years are the hardest!
Children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help you reach it.
Civil servants are neither civil nor servile.
Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
Confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better.
Construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Crime is merely politics without the excuses.
Crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs.
Da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor.
Degeneration and evolution are not the same thing.
Desperate diseases require desperate remedies.
Did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your body makes its own cholesterol.
Diogenes is still searching.
Distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable.
Dont be afraid to take a big step. You cannot cross a chasm in two small steps.
Dont be so humble...you arent that great.
Dont get married if you are afraid of solitude.
Dont hit a man when hes down unless you are damned certain he wont get up.
Dont wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes.
Dont worry about what other people are thinking of you. Theyre too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them.
Dr. Faustus, call your service.
Enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever.
Eternity is a terrible thought...where will it all end
Even Mason and Dixon had to draw the line somewhere.
Even the most faithful believer can serve a false god.
Every calling is great when greatly pursued.
Every family tree has some sap.
Every institution tends to perish through an excess of its own policy.
Every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights; most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are.
Everybodys death simplifies life for someone.
Everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work.
Everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinite patience or infinite wealth.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing.
Excellence is an option that is renewable.
Expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how.
Expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you the most gorgeous weeds you ever saw.
Experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills.
Experience is what you get when you dont get what you wanted.
Experimentation is the mother of confusion.
Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species.
Extreme boredom serves to cure boredom.
Extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps.
Extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow hard-hearted.
Facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly.
Failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied.
Fear is no great respecter of reason.
Feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest.
Fill whats empty.  Empty whats full.  And scratch where it itches.
First secure an independent income, then practice virtue.
Fools belittle that which they do not understand.  Cynics belittle everything.  Midgets simply belittle.
For a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
Freedom of the press is limited to those who have one.
Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
Frustration is not having anyone else to blame but ones self.
Get too many irons in your fire and youll put it out.
Government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense.
Half of conversation is listening.
Have a nice day...somewhere else.
He is all fault who has no fault at all.
He who dies with the most toys, wins!
He who endures, wins.
He who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the seventh.
He who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed.
He who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots.
He who would climb to the top must leave much behind.
He who would leap high must take a long run.
He who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves.
Hell is l is a city much like Newark.
Hell is not a place. Hell is what hurts worst.
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.
History occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.
How long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom door youre on.
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise.
If a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what does an empty desk mean ?
If all else fails, read the destructions.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If everything appears to be going well, you obviously dont know what the hell is going on.
If it jams - force it. If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
If its not in the computer, then it doesnt exist.
If its rational, if its logical, and if it makes good common sense, then its simply not done.
If mans best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us?
If God had really intended men to fly, hed have made it easier to get to the airport.
If the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper ?
If this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia ?
If truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right.
If you are feeling good, dont worry; youll get over it.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
If you cannot logically refute a mans arguments, not all is lost. You can always call him nasty names.
If you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you disinfect the pond, you kill the lilies.
If you live among the wolves, learn to howl like them.
If you think that no one cares that youre alive, try missing a few car payments.
If you try to please everybody, nobody will like it.
In a mad world, only greater madness succeeds.
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
In defeat, malice.  In victory, revenge.
In doing good, avoid notoriety. In doing evil, avoid self-awareness.
In jealousy, there is often more self-love than love.
In order to obtain a loan, you must first prove that you dont need it.
In some countries, Chaucer and Dante are the classics. In this country, its a soft drink.
In the long run, we are all dead.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain.
Interesting history is awful living.
It is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you are in a hurry.
It is better to be envied than to be consoled.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it.
It is only in Aesops fables that an elephant takes advice from a mouse.
It is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to be sane alone.
It is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman.
It is wrong to repeat gossip, but what else can you do with it ?
Its not whether you win or lose, its how you place the blame.
Its what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Just because you are paranoid does not mean that no one is following you.
Justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed.
Street Smarts!
Knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity.
Labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor.
Large brains can contain small minds.
Law remains long after justice flees.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for.
Luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts.
Many know how to flatter; few know how to praise.
May you live in interesting times.
Measure twice cause you can only cut once.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Never argue with a fool...people may not be able to tell you apart.
Never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor.
Never climb a fence when you can sit on it.
Never do card tricks for the group you play poker with.
Never eat prunes when you are famished.
Never get into a fight with an ugly person. He has nothing to lose.
Never have so many people understood so little about so much.
Never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right.
Never make the same mistake twice...there are so many new ones to make!
Never mistake good manners for good will.
Never play leapfrog with a unicorn.
Never question your wifes judgement...look whom she married.
Never step in anything soft.
Never try to teach a pig how to sing. It is a waste of time and it annoys the pig.
Never underestimate the power of stupidity.
No one ever found marvels by seeking them.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
Not all the cookies are in the jar.
Nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
Nothing in the universe arouses more false hopes than the first four hours of a diet.
Nothing is illegal if 100 businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is really labor unless you would rather be doing something else.
Once you understand the problem, you find that it is worse than you expected.
One good thing about living on a farm is that you can fight with your wife and aint nobody gonna hear.
One sees more clearly backward than forward.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People use the most words when they are the least certain of what they are saying.
Rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Rumors are the sauce of a dry life.
Serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the farmers daughter.
Simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex.
Smooth seas never made a good sailor.
Some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable.
Some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week.
Sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar.
Songs unheard are sweeter far.
I just thought of something funny...your mother.
Strong words connote weak arguments.
Succeeding is more satisfying than success.
Tempt not a desperate man.
The Boy Scout credo: sound mind, sound body...take your choice.
The best way to achieve immortality is by not dying.
The best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it.
The best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon.
The best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of them is a match.
The best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed.
The bigger they are, the harder they punch.
The biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer.
The danger in being king is that after a while you begin to believe you really are one.
The deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones.
The first great gift that we can bestow upon others is a good example.
The first place in which to look for something is the last place in which you expect to find it.
The gap between theory and practice is filled with apology.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room.  There was a knock on the door...
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming train.
The man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one.
The most successful journey is a dull journey.
The mouse dreams dreams that would terrify the cat.
The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of what youre doing.
The only perfect science is hindsight.
The opera aint over til the fat lady sings.
The person who snores the loudest will fall asleep first.
The rat race is over. The rats won.
The reason the way of the sinner is hard is because it is so crowded.
The saddest of words: I always wanted to but never did.
The smaller the issue, the bigger the fight.
The successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice.
There are no moral messages in Nature.
There is a time for everything.  Mostly, the wrong time.
There is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old mans wits.
There is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action.
Theres nothing wrong with gluttony...providing you dont overdo it.
To a little fish, the waters are always deep.
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
To a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden.
Tyranny is always better organized than freedom is.
Virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice does.
Virtue is a social liability.
When in doubt, mumble.
When in trouble or in doubt, Run in circles, yell and shout.
Would that reason were as contagious as emotion.
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track.
You cant win.
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be too late.
You rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed.
Youve one mouth and two ears...use them in that proportion.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
If it jams, force it. If it breaks, it needed replacement anyway.
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free.
If Yoda a great Jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he?
People will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit.
Hes dead, Jim! You take his tri-corder and Ill search his pockets.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
If you love a thing of beauty, set it free. If it doesnt come back to you, hunt it down and kill it.
I may be schizophrenic, but at least Ill always have each other.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
Is Sonny really kookoo for Cocoa Puffs, or is he just being paid to say that?
Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  Yes is the answer.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
Those who cant write, write manuals.
The brain is a wonderful organ:  it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
Youd be paranoid too if everybody hated you.
All generalities are false.
Id give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Duct tape is like the Force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now Im not so sure.
Coles Law:  Thinly sliced cabbage.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
It has been said that we only use 15% of our brain.  I wonder what we do with the other 75%?
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
If you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy ... that person will find an easier way to do it.
You know its going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of Hells Angels on the freeway.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
A Grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it almost pays to be one.
If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament!
Admiration:  Our polite recognition of anothers resemblance to ourselves.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
An alcoholic is someone you dont like who drinks as much as you do.
In America sex is an obsession, in other parts of the world it is a fact.
America is the greatest of opportunities and the worst of influences.
There is no underestimating the intelligence of the American public.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
One of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
A government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top.
Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
History is a set of lies agreed upon.
History repeats itself; thats one of the things thats wrong with history.
We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
An historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist.
History would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true.
Holidays are an expensive trial of strength.  The only satisfaction comes from survival.   
The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire.                 
Hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs the torments of man.    
There are times when you hav to choose between being human and having good taste.  
It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the evil spirit of man.     
No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature.    
If I could get my membership fee back, Id resign from the human race.    
The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race.      
Humility is no substitue for a good personality.
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
Insanity.....A perfectly rational adjustment to the insane world.   
Every law is and infraction of liberty.
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired.   
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
Liberty means responsibility; that is why most men dread it.               
Liberty doesnt work as well in practice as it does in speeches.            
Love is the most subtle form of self-interest.
Its possible to love a human being if you dont know them too well.               
Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability.      
Dont knock masturbation -- its sex with someone I love!
Virtue has Never been as respectable as money.
Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of whats going on.
Patience........A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.   
Pessimist....One who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both.    
Politeness.........The most acceptable hypocrisy.
All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
I dont like principles.  I prefer prejudices.  They are more honest.                 
Psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel theyre complex.
Freud is the father of psychoanalysis.  It has no mother.
The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
Is sex dirty?  Only if its done right.    
Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish.  The wicked sometimes rest.                   
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A kings castle is his home.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
Ambition a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Anarchy is better that no government at all.
Any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object.
As you read the scroll, it vanishes...
Automobile - A mechanical device that runs up hills and down people.
Be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue.
Of the choice of two evils, I pick the one Ive never tried before.
Brain -- the apparatus with which we think that we think.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Death is lifes way of telling you youve been fired.
Death is Natures way of saying slow down.
Do something unusual today.  Accomplish work on the computer.
Dont force it, get a larger hammer.
Dont hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Drive defensively, buy a tank.
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail friends.
Entropy isnt what it used to be.
Fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them use to reality.
Familiarity breeds children.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Help support helpless victims of computer error.
Herblocks Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
History does not repeat itself, -- historians merely repeat each other.
If you dont change your direction, you may end up where you were headed.
If youre not part of the solution, be part of the problem!
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.  Albert Einstein
It works better if you plug it in.
Its not hard to meet expenses, theyre everywhere.
A jury is twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else.
Mediocrity thrives on standardization.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Quoting one is plagiarism.  Quoting many is research.
Realitys the only obstacle to happiness.
Screw up your life, youve screwed everything else up.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
SYSTEM GOING DOWN AT 4:45 THIS AFTERNOON FOR DISK CRASHING.
The attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
The road to to success is always under construction.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
TRAPEZOID - A device for catching zoids.
Wasting time is an important part of life.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When in doubt, dont bother.
When in doubt, ignore it.
If it aint broke, dont fix it.
There are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them
Confound these ancestors.... Theyve stolen our best ideas!
You will be successful in your work.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
If youre not careful, youre going to catch something.
Wherever you go...There you are.
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
After Goliaths defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
Perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse.
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can.  It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.  Keep on being free!
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
Police up your spare rounds and frags.  Dont leave nothin for the dinks.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
No matter where you go, there you are...
Trespassers will be shot.  Survivors will be prosecuted.
Trespassers will be shot.  Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
I hate the itching.  But I dont mind the swelling.
Your own mileage may vary.
Oh dear, I think youll find realitys on the blink again.
Send lawyers, guns and money...
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
I cant drive 55.
And they told us, what they wanted...  Was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance.
Badges?  We dont need no stinking badges.
No user-servicable parts inside.  Refer to qualified service personnel.
Its like deja vu all over again.  
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
A person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure.
You see but you do not observe.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
You can observe a lot just by watching. 
A right is not what someone gives you; its what no one can take from you.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Dont try to outweird me, three-eyes.  I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
Live free or die.
Outside of a dog, a book is mans best friend.  Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
Use the Force, Luke.
Ive got a bad feeling about this.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force.
When I left you, I was but the pupil.  Now, I am the master.
186,000 Miles per Second.  Its not just a good idea.  ITS THE LAW.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Gee, Toto, I dont think were in Kansas anymore.
Catch a wave and youre sitting on top of the world.
Memories of you remind me of you.
Life.  Dont talk to me about life.
It is your destiny.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side.
I am your density.
So why dont you make like a tree, and get outta here.
I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
You cant have everything... where would you put it?
My computer can beat up your computer.
Just Say No.   - Nancy Reagan
core error - bus dumped
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you.
Ahead warp factor 1
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.  Its the only way to be sure.
